Bursaries removal of content (#4231)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/landing/how-to-fund-your-teacher-training.md

---
title: "How to fund your teacher training"

> description: Find out how you could fund your teacher training with bursaries and scholarships, depending on the subject you're training to teach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Find out how you could fund your teacher training with a bursary or scholarship, depending on the subject you're training to teach.
```
